README.md, before:

# Typescript Learning Resource

By: Daniel Griffiths

---

### Algorithms and Data Structures

This section of the learning resource will be focused on documenting algorithm and data structure implementations in Typescript.

#### 1. Arrays

In javascript arrays are ordered lists of items, of potentially varying types, accessible by their index (position). The Array prototype has a wide variety of methods that can be used to manipulate the state of the array.

```typescript
const list: Array<unknown> = []
list.push(1) // [1]
list.unshift(2) // [2, 1]
list.pop() // [2]
// etc...
```

See [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array) for more documentation on javascript arrays.

-   [Reverse Array](./src/algorithms/reverse-array.ts)
    1. Impl 1: Create an array in memory and build the array by iterating over the original array and pushing the inverse index.
    2. Impl 2: Iterate over the original array, splicing elements into position, until the array is reversed.
-   [Sub of Sub Array](./src/algorithms/sub-array-sum.ts)
    1. Impl 1: Iterate through steps of the array and attempt to build a sub array that sums to target. If sub-array sums greater than target restart at incremented index.
-   [Union / Intersection](./src/algorithms/union-intersection.ts)
    1. Impl 1: Create set for union array. Push members the set already includes into intersection array.
-   [Bubble Sort of string array](./src/algorithms/string-array-bubble-sort.ts)
    1. Impl 1: Bubble Sort mutates an array in-place. Start with two pointers and step through the array. Compare adjacent values and if they are out of order depending on your sort direction, swap positions.
-   [Sort array by frequency](./src/algorithms/sort-array-by-frequency.ts)
    1. Impl 1: Using Bubble Sort, first sort array by direction. Then create map where Map<Value, NOccurrences> and sort map by occurrence. Finally return only the keys of the map.


---

## Function Performance Evaluation

### 1. What is Space Complexity

TODO

### 2. What is Time Complexity

TODO

---

## Function Syntax Evaluation

### 1. Typescript Usage and Practices

TODO

---

Commit message:

feat: Updating README, adding nearest point with x or y

README.md, after:

# Typescript Learning Resource

By: Daniel Griffiths

---

### Algorithms and Data Structures

This section of the learning resource will be focused on documenting algorithm and data structure implementations in Typescript.

#### 1. Arrays

In javascript arrays are ordered lists of items, of potentially varying types, accessible by their index (position). The Array prototype has a wide variety of methods that can be used to manipulate the state of the array.

```typescript
const list: Array<unknown> = []
list.push(1) // [1]
list.unshift(2) // [2, 1]
list.pop() // [2]
// etc...
```

See [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array) for more documentation on javascript arrays.

-   [Reverse Array](./src/algorithms/reverse-array.ts)
    1. Impl 1: Create an array in memory and build the array by iterating over the original array and pushing the inverse index.
    2. Impl 2: Iterate over the original array, splicing elements into position, until the array is reversed.
-   [Sub of Sub Array](./src/algorithms/sub-array-sum.ts)
    1. Impl 1: Iterate through steps of the array and attempt to build a sub array that sums to target. If sub-array sums greater than target restart at incremented index.
-   [Union / Intersection](./src/algorithms/union-intersection.ts)
    1. Impl 1: Create set for union array. Push members the set already includes into intersection array.
-   [Bubble Sort of string array](./src/algorithms/string-array-bubble-sort.ts)
    1. Impl 1: Bubble Sort mutates an array in-place. Start with two pointers and step through the array. Compare adjacent values and if they are out of order depending on your sort direction, swap positions.
-   [Sort array by frequency](./src/algorithms/sort-array-by-frequency.ts)
    1. Impl 1: Using Bubble Sort, first sort array by direction. Then create map where Map<Value, NOccurrences> and sort map by occurrence. Finally return only the keys of the map.
-   [Find Nearest Point that Includes X or Y Value](./src/algorithms/sort-array-by-frequency.ts)
    1. See description on [Leetcode](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-nearest-point-that-has-the-same-x-or-y-coordinate/description/)


---

## Function Performance Evaluation

### 1. What is Space Complexity

TODO

### 2. What is Time Complexity

TODO

---

## Function Syntax Evaluation

### 1. Typescript Usage and Practices

TODO

---
